<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
<head>
    <title>Home</title>
    <style>
        .background-image {
            background-image: url("#{resource['images/hospital-1.jpg']}");
            background-size: cover; /* Ensures the image covers the entire container */
            background-position: center;
            background-repeat: no-repeat;
            width: 100%;
            height: 100vh; /* Adjust height to cover the entire viewport */
            display: flex;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: center;
            text-align: center;
            color: white; /* Adjust text color if necessary */
            position: relative;
        }

        .background-overlay {
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            width: 100%;
            height: 100%;
            background-color: rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); /* Light gray overlay */
            backdrop-filter: blur(5px); /* Minimal blur effect */
        }

        .content {
            position: relative;
            z-index: 1; /* Ensures the text is above the overlay */
            background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5); /* Optional: makes the content stand out */
            padding: 20px;
            border-radius: 10px;
        }

        .navbar {
            background-color: #007bff;
            padding: 15px;
            color: white;
            text-align: center;
            position: sticky;
            top: 0;
            width: 100%;
            z-index: 1000; /* Ensure it stays above other content */
        }

        .navbar a {
            color: white;
            text-decoration: none;
            padding: 10px 15px;
            font-size: 16px;
        }

        .navbar a:hover {
            background-color: #e2e6ea;
            color: black;
            border-radius: 5px;
        }

        #sticky-footer {
            position: fixed;
            bottom: 0;
            left: 0;
            right: 0;
            background-color: skyblue;
            color: black;
            padding: 10px;
            font-weight: bold;
            text-align: center;
        }

        .nav-item {
            display: flex;
            align-items: center;
        }

        .nav-link {
            padding-right: 15px;
            padding-left: 15px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <ui:include src="/resources/navbar/navbar.html"/>

    <div class="background-image">
        <div class="background-overlay"></div>
        <div class="content">
            <h1>About Us</h1>
            <p>
                Our hospital is committed to providing top-notch medical services and exceptional patient care.
                With a team of highly skilled doctors, nurses, and support staff, we ensure that every patient receives
                personalized attention and the best possible treatment.
            </p>
            <p>
                Our state-of-the-art facilities are equipped with the latest medical technology to diagnose and treat
                a wide range of health conditions. We offer a comprehensive range of services including emergency care,
                surgery, outpatient services, and specialized treatments.
            </p>
            <p>
                At our hospital, we prioritize patient comfort and convenience. Our patient-centered approach ensures
                that every aspect of your stay is designed to promote healing and well-being. From comfortable patient
                rooms to nutritious meals, we take care of every detail so you can focus on your recovery.
            </p>
            <p>
                We invite you to explore our website to learn more about our services, our team, and how we can assist
                you with your healthcare needs. Thank you for choosing our hospital as your healthcare provider.
            </p>
        </div>
    </div>

    <footer id="sticky-footer" class="flex-shrink-0 py-2">
        <div class="container text-center">
            <small>© Copyright 2024 by SSD. All Rights Reserved.</small>
        </div>
    </footer>
</body>
</html>
